round 22 action from the Clive Birkhoff
a stadium in toowoomba as the hosts the
Southwest Queensland Thunder meet
harimau muda as both sides go through
the pregame rituals prior to the start
of the match Knox looks to play in pike
plays it short under pressure here from
the harimau muda attackers mad eyes our
sins he shot wide harimau muda now have
the ball in their defensive territory
mud side plays it on now comes down the
line for selamat selamat out wide cross
comes in and have done low Paulo makes
no mistake of it on the half-hour of
dunloe puller the cross is played in
front of Nathan Knox couldn't get a foot
to it and harimau muda take a one-nil
lead chase him with the ball on his sub
Donnelly puller again he has the ball in
the back of the net but caught offside
yeah operating down the right wing Abu
Hassan eyes it into the center of the
park bad girl Hashim and now I've done
low pull her off the woodwork still
alive here for harimau muda azizan me
open turn there from off minh and he is
the second goal just on the halftime
right now that this ball crossed the
line here doesn't look the whole the
ball crossed the whole the line now as
we take a look at the replay of the goal
as he's in Mary apin puts the ball
through for Othman moniza gets the ball
back plays it over her son Abu Hasan
takes his chance and in stoppage time of
the first half harimau muda extend their
lead at the three nil ball played
through by my own eyes
on forever Hasan buys himself some room
and beats Mike Pyke at his near post
that is a half time three-nil harimau
muda lead under pressure here Kerry wins
the ball shot on goal week straight to a
lyric are throwing from scott on faii
now it's keri carries got space to move
in and provides the opener for the
Southwest Queensland Thunder ie clever
little tap on to the advantage of Matt
Carrie uses his right foot to get round
of RG then uses a left foot to score
harimau muda through mod goslee tries to
lob one in orgies knox is going to have
to clear and then ends up make sure of
it Tom now it's ends up ends ascends he
shot straight to abu bakar but goslee on
the cell a mess hmmm looking to build up
and an easy fish there if a man either
it's take another look at that Thunder
defense caught napping too harimau muda
shirts there and looks beyond the
Thunder now at 41
trying to fight back get a goal their
own though white on this occasion
they'll keep taking short by abu bakar
under pressure there from greens comes
back for the keeper Kerry puts pressure
on every bakar stocking it around and
here's a ye takes advantage of harimau
muda not clearing out of their defensive
lines and maybe this one isn't over just
yet Rio Boehm are ye brings it back to
42 but harimau muda still lead cleared
away their Falls for Gordon and ball and
Southwest Queensland Thunder will win
the free kick be taken here by Ryan enza
puts it across the wall that's a
fantastic free kick taken by Ryan enza
and we're in stoppage time and screwed
Southwest Queensland Thunder collect
their first point of the campaign
fantastically taken free-kick gives
every bakar no chance in the dying
moments the throwing comes league knocks
heads on clean away by harimau muda mud
side with the free kick into the box for
adam lee puller referee blows a
full-time whistle not today for the
Southwest Queensland Thunder as they go
down 43 at home to harimau muda